What a wild week it has been. If you
look at the markets, you're seeing red
all over the place. Could this be the
week where things turn around? I'm going
to break it all down today. You came
here for the truth. So, let me unveil
that for you. We have seen a volatile
week to say the least. And I'm going to
show you everything that's going on and
what you can expect. As you see right
here on the screen, the Dow Jones on
Friday's trading session down 5 1.5%.
Why is this important? Even if you're
not directly invested, look, your 401k,
your retirement account is largely
invested in these few stocks. Somehow,
some way they are integrated and they
are impacted by what's happening with
the tariffs. How do I know this? I've
seen the price breakdowns. When you look
at it component by component in an
iPhone, you see that the prices are
going to accelerate considerably. O, you
know, over the next little while if
things don't change. And we're going to
talk about why you can't just do
manufacturing in the United States or
you can't just open a factory like this
and make things change. There is at the
very least short and medium-term
disruption. there's com, you know, the
potential for less choice and higher
prices going forward. That's what we're
going to get into a lot of that. You
know, you got Jim Kramer and others out
there. Uh Jim Kramer saying this is it.
We are headed for a crash. But of
course, we have to use inverse Kramer
because he tends to not be uh exactly
accurate. Uh so we'll see here as you're
watching this video. It might already
have happened and the stock market's
open and we're going to see in the next
few days. But retail traders, they've
already gone in. They've started to buy
the dip every time it went down because
they've been pre-programmed that
whenever the stock market goes down just
a little bit, it's time to buy in. Why?
Because they look at those YouTubers who
had been all the way through. They've
been saying buy that dip, buy the dip,
and they don't know when exactly to buy
that. They have no intelligence on uh
you know when that right moment is and
so they just say well I'm I'm just going
to say whatever the that YouTuber says
I'm just going to do it. Well big
mistake. Uh if you just watch the timing
just a little bit more. I covered it
many times before. When you look at
bowlinger bands when you look at like
simple metrics it gives you like a much
better sense of what to do. But that's
besides the point. Look at it right
here. When you look at Nike and
Lululemon, well, they came up a little
bit because
um Trump had the call with the
Vietnamese leader
and basically it was productive
supposedly. So, we will see what
happens. If more countries go in this
direction, you can expect a bottoming
out of the market and it will go higher
from there at least in the short term.
We don't know what's going to happen in
two weeks from now, a month from now,
but that could form a shortterm bottom.
So, keep that in mind. I I covered this
on the finance Friday. We went into
depth uh for like over for two and a
half hours actually. So, um but you you
know, you get a little taste here on the
videos. Americans rush to buy TVs, soy
sauce, and Lululemon workout gear,
saying that, you know, the prices are
going to go up. Let me buy let me buy
some yoga pants now. Okay, that's not
what you should be doing. Like if if you
need really need that yoga pants, u you
know, there's something else going on
here. Okay, retail and consumer goods
leading footwear and clothing brands
will be hit hard by the new tariff
regime for Southeast Asian countries.
You saw certain countries getting hit
with tariffs of in this case here,
they're talking about 49%.
talking about companies that are getting
the the you know the real brunt of this
and I've seen the diagrams showing the
iPhone for example they break down every
single major component in the iPhone and
then you know the Wall Street Journal
did it and showed you all of these uh
price increases and so you may ask
yourself well why don't they just
manufacture in the United States they
won't have this problem anymore but of
course remember number one that the
customers are not exclusively in the
United States, right? So if you then
export, you face other challenges when
you go to export. But that's besides the
point. Why don't you just do
manufacturing in the United States? So
my perspective, I manufacture products
in China. Why? Because when I went to go
manufacture in the United States, I
looked around. I did the phone calls. I
sent tried to look for the emails and
all these things, that manufacturer for
the products I sell, goods for the home,
they do not exist. Okay. I looked, I
tried, I am still looking. It doesn't
exist. Okay, David, why don't you just
open a factory and make it yourself? Oh,
that would be fine and dandy, but how
are you going to do that? Where you
going to get the capital to do that? And
how many years is it going to be until
you get that capital back? Already
margins are so thin and that's using
labor uh coming from China, storage
coming from China, warehousing,
everything coming from China. Now you
apply that to the US, it's impossible.
So what would you do? You would have to
then increase your prices and you
wouldn't just increase them a little
bit. It would have to be, you know, a
considerable percentage and this would
be very bad. What would happen here is
that customers would say, I'm going to
buy less. Now, this is a big debate. I
think that the tariff should be much
more selective. If you're trying to, you
know, protect an industry like the steel
industry, then the tariff can be applied
to that. But at the same time, you have
to
incentivize steel manufacturing, steel
refining, all these different things in
the US. You can't just say, "Well, we're
going to put a tariff on that or we're
going to blanket tariffs." I believe
that this is part of a big negotiation
that's going on, particularly with
China. So, I'm watching that very
closely. And uh next week on the Finance
Friday, we're going to go into all of
that because I'm sure there's going to
be much more detail. But the stock
market as a result of all this, it just
absolutely bombed 10 trillion down. 10
trillion down in the last little while.
So that's pretty significant. And we've
seen the VIX index, which is which is a
measurement of stock market volatility
going to levels we basically have only
seen a couple times in history. Can you
believe that? Only a couple times. It's
at 45 at the time of this recording.
And you'll see that even during the
financial crisis, it didn't hit these
levels. It's it's shocking, right? You
have other central banks around the
world acting and basically saying, uh,
what can we do? Well, in the case of the
Bank of Canada, they're expected to cut
interest rates more deeply as tariffs,
bar, the barrage sends the world markets
into a tail spin, and data show that the
Canadian job market is already taking
damage. Layoffs have begun. the housing
market. It's just like, you know, at a
standstill. And you're seeing this right
here basically just saying fewer choices
and higher prices. The supply chain of
the future. This will be the case.
You're just going to get less options.
Usually, that alone brings the prices up
and you'll say, "No, I won't do that.
I'm going to shop there. I'm going to
shop there." If it's done across the
board, then people will have to accept
that. And that just means you're just
going to buy less, right? You'll still
be able to afford things, but you just
buy less of it. You say, "Well, you
know, that's that's a good thing. We
don't need this consumerism. We don't
need all that." That could be okay. But
the big companies start to get hit. And
you might say, "Look, I'm not I'm not
shedding a tear for these the big
establishments." Okay, who's affected?
Well, it's the credit card companies.
It's the financial companies. Oh, I'm
not shedding a tear. Hang on a second.
You got to look at the Apples. You got
to look at the Microsofts and so on. You
say again, not crying about it, but this
is where it becomes complicated. They
employ overwhelmingly employ a large
percentage of the, you know, number of
people that are working. So there will
be layoffs if people are buying less
stuff and people won't get hired back
because they're talking about
automation, robots, AI. they're not
going to get hired back. And the next
thing is that when we when we look at
this, how in the world are they going to
justify to their
shareholders, you know, basically
because that's what it's all about. Um,
you know, the the changes they they need
shocking change in order to maintain
shareholder
value. Regardless though, stock market
comes down, that affects your 401k, your
retirement account, and so on. So, this
is something that they are
actively working out right now behind
the scenes and we're going to see how
this impacts people because it will be a
big problem. It's not just the hedge
funds. Yeah, they got the margin calls
that's happening, but we need to
understand the 401ks, the retirement
accounts. We got to understand how this
impacts real jobs. So I hope you you
know bunch of people usually leave the
comments and say I don't care about that
company I don't care about the stock
market it it's indirectly even if it
isn't directly affecting you this is
going to have a big impact so when it
comes to manufacturing so I have you
know I have been doing videos obviously
I've been making videos once a week once
every other week um because I work on my
business I sell on Amazon and Tik Tok
shop and Walmart and you Shopify and all
these things. And so I've been dealing
with the logistics of it all and I
understand how things work and it is
crazy to sell a product in Canada, US,
Mexico, UK and then that spreads out
into other countries of Europe into the
Middle East as well. So I'm selling
really internationally and I've started
to pick up on all this information. So,
I learned
it from, you know, all the books and all
all of the reading and everything. And
then I I actually went out and did that.
And now, um, one of my businesses is
based around, you know, selling online
and logistics and everything. And this
is a big big deal that's happening right
now. Uh, it's
understated when you get the news. It's
like, okay, there's tariffs. Okay,
there's a negotiation, you know, shake
hands, you know, and this will happen
and that will happen. It is a huge
disruption.
If you know, things don't get resolved
pretty soon, watch out. So, watch the
bottom. Watch for the bottom right now
in the stock market. You got to
understand this. You You're going to see
some potential deals like the one with
Vietnam. The China one is much more
important. This is much bigger. It
affects Tik Tok. It affects uh the
currency, the Chinese currency and how
they pegged to the US dollar and all
these different things. That's bigger.
But one country, if they just sign on
that tariffs go away, watch for a
near-term bottom in the stock market.
That's my message to you. Uh Finance
Friday crew, shout outs to you. If you
found this video informative, hit that
thumbs up button. Not once, not twice,
but three times, maybe five times if you
can. Uh, just keep clicking it. Just
keep clicking it. Um, I want to thank
you for being here. I'm still having fun
doing this. Uh, you know, that's just
the way it goes. I'm working on my other
businesses. I I'm creating my own uh
apps right now. I'm doing um the
physical products business. At the same
time, I've got another business does
Google ads. Um, you know, I'm just
trying to be completely 100%
international, 100% online because I
want to take advantage of everything
that's happening now and I want to be
less impacted by all the changes that
are happening right now as we move into
a very new world. If you want to know
more about that, you can always reach
out to me. Go to the
moneygps.com and you'll get more detail.
So, I'll see you on the next one. Take
care.